Added doc content for workflow (#17)
scbd/clearing-house-documentation: components/common/query/realm.md

The request must include the following query parameters:

| Field          | Type   | Description                        |
| -------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------- |

> | Realm          | String | Defines the specific context or domain within which the Clearing-House request is being made. This header determines the environment or operational scope for the request. Allowed values include `ABS` (Automated Banking Systems), `CHM` (Clearing House Management), and `BCH` (Bank Clearing House). Each value represents a different area of functionality or service. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Realm          | String | Defines the specific context or domain within which the Clearing-House request is being made. This header determines the environment or operational scope for the request. Allowed values include `ABS` (Access and Benefit-sharing Clearing House), `CHM` (Clearing House Mechanism), and `BCH` (Biosafety Clearing House). Each value represents a different area of functionality or service. |
```

Reviewer: `suffix the realms with `-dev` to use the development and. `-trg` for training `

> **Realm Values for Development:**

Reviewer: make sure to highlight that the api url will be api.cbddev.xyz
